[35]	Z. Dong, C. Liu, Z. Song, S. Liu, and Y. Huang, "Zero-Sequence Current Suppression Strategy for Three-Phase Series-Winding PMSM Drive Based on Synthetic Voltage Vectors," in 34th International Electric Vehicle Symposium and Exhibition (EVS34), Nanjing, Jiangsu, 2021.
[36]	Z. Song, C. Liu, and H. Zhao, "Improved Torque Density of a Permanent Magnet Brushless AC Motor with Novel Pulse Width Modulation Magnet for Electrified Application," in IECON 2020 The 46th Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society, 2020, pp. 4691-4696.
[37]	X. Gao, C. Liu, Y. Huang, and Z. Song, "Design of An UAV-Oriented Wireless Power Transfer System with Energy-Efficient Receiver," in IECON 2020 The 46th Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society, 2020, pp. 2025-2030.
[38]	Z. Song and C. Liu, "Induced Voltage Optimization of a Direct-Drive Multi-Phase Permanent Magnet Vernier Generator for Tidal Energy Conversion," in 2019 IEEE PES Asia-Pacific Power and Energy Engineering Conference (APPEEC), 2019, pp. 1-5.
[39]	S. Liu, Z. Song, and C. Liu, "Model Predictive Torque Control without PI Function for Dual Three-phase PMSM," in IECON 2019 - 45th Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society, 2019, vol. 1, pp. 4463-4468.
[40]	Y. Huang, C. Liu, Y. Xiao, S. Liu, and Z. Song, "Suppression of Resonant Frequency Drifting of Transmitter for One-to-Multiple Wireless Power Transfer System by Utilizing Hybrid Compensation Topologies in Receivers," in 2019 22nd International Conference on Electrical Machines and Systems (ICEMS), 2019, pp. 1-5.
[41]	H. Zhao, C. Liu, and Z. Song, "Exact Analytical Solution for Two Types of Magnetic Gear and Their Control," in 2019 22nd International Conference on Electrical Machines and Systems (ICEMS), 2019, pp. 1-6.
[42]	S. Li, L. Chen, Z. Song, F. Chai, Y. Tang, and G. Han, "Analysis and Suppression of Vibration in Modular Fault-Tolerant PMSM Under Single-Phase Short-Circuit Faults," in 2019 22nd International Conference on Electrical Machines and Systems (ICEMS), 2019, pp. 1-6.
[43]	Z. Song, C. Liu, and H. Zhao, "Comparative Analysis of Slotless and Coreless Permanent Magnet Synchronous Machines for Electric Aircraft Propulsion," in 2019 22nd International Conference on Electrical Machines and Systems (ICEMS), 2019, pp. 1-6.
[44]	Z. Song, Y. Pei, Y. Li, S. Li, and F. Chai, "Analysis of Vibration in Modular Fault-tolerant PMSM under One-phase Open-circuit Fault," in 2018 XIII International Conference on Electrical Machines (ICEM), 2018, pp. 2565-2571.
[45]	Y. Li, Y. Pei, Z. Song, and F. Chai, "Effect of rotor deformation on magnetic radial force in interior permanent magnet synchronous motors with V-shaped rotor structures," in IECON 2016 - 42nd Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society, 2016, pp. 1906-1911.
